climb up the ropes in ascent mode until
your ascender and backup device reach
the rope protector open the Rope
protector to allow you to ascend up to
the edge of obstruction and move your
backup device over the edge obstruction
until it hits the knot
move your hand jammer above the edge
obstruction to allow you to get higher
and over the edge obstruction sit on the
edge obstruction and untie the rope
protector reattach the rope protector
below the backup device on the backup
line
farsan rope protector around both back
up and working ropes
continue up both ropes until you're high
enough change over into descent mode and
abseil down the ropes until your backup
device rests on the rope protector and
your level with the edge obstruction
lock off descender sit down on the edge
obstruction and untie the rope protector
reattaching it above the backup device
abseil down enough to get past edge
obstruction moving your backup device
past it to fix rope protector around
both back up and working ropes
abseil to ground